style.author:                   Mike duHeaume
style.date:                     July 1, 2003
style.credits:	
style.comments:	

toolbar:                        flat gradient vertical
toolbar.color:                  #d3e5ff
toolbar.colorTo:                #7380b6

toolbar.button:                 raised gradient vertical
toolbar.button.color:           #d3e5ff
toolbar.button.colorTo:         #7380b6
toolbar.button.picColor:        #000000

toolbar.button.pressed:         sunken gradient vertical
toolbar.button.pressed.color:   #7380b6
toolbar.button.pressed.colorTo: #d3e5ff

toolbar.clock:                  sunken gradient vertical
toolbar.clock.color:            #1c5b8e
toolbar.clock.colorTo:          #20202b
toolbar.clock.textColor:        #e0e0eb

toolbar.label:                  flat gradient vertical
toolbar.label.color:            #7380b6
toolbar.label.colorTo:          #d3e5ff
toolbar.label.textColor:        #000000

toolbar.windowLabel:            flat gradient vertical
toolbar.windowLabel.color:      #7380b6
toolbar.windowLabel.colorTo:    #d3e5ff
toolbar.windowLabel.textColor:  #000000

toolbar.justify:                center

menu.title:                     raised gradient vertical
menu.title.color:               #d3e5ff
menu.title.colorTo:             #7380b6
menu.title.textColor:           #003300
menu.title.justify:             center

menu.frame:                     flat gradient diagonal
menu.frame.color:               #a0a5b0
menu.frame.colorTo:             #e0e5f0
menu.frame.textColor:           #505570
menu.frame.justify:             left

menu.hilite:                    raised gradient vertical
menu.hilite.color:              #d3e5ff
menu.hilite.colorTo:            #7380b6
menu.hilite.textColor:          #000000

menu.bullet:                    triangle
menu.bullet.position:           right

window.title.focus:             flat gradient vertical
window.title.focus.color:       #d3e5ff
window.title.focus.colorTo:     #7380b6
window.title.unfocus:           raised gradient vertical
window.title.unfocus.color:     #d3e5ff
window.title.unfocus.colorTo:   #7380b6

window.label.focus:             flat gradient vertical
window.label.focus.color:       #7380b6
window.label.focus.colorTo:     #d3e5ff
window.label.focus.textColor:   #000000
window.label.unfocus:           raised gradient vertical
window.label.unfocus.color:     #7380b6
window.label.unfocus.colorTo:   #d3e5ff
window.label.unfocus.textColor: #777777

window.button.focus:            raised gradient vertical
window.button.focus.color:      #d3e5ff
window.button.focus.colorTo:    #7380b6
window.button.focus.picColor:   #000000
window.button.unfocus:          raised gradient vertical
window.button.unfocus.color:    #d3e5ff
window.button.unfocus.colorTo:  #7380b6
window.button.unfocus.picColor: #777777
window.button.pressed:          sunken gradient vertical
window.button.pressed.color:    #7380b6
window.button.pressed.colorTo:  #d3e5ff

window.frame.focusColor:        #000000
window.frame.unfocusColor:      #000000

window.handle.focus:            flat gradient vertical
window.handle.focus.color:      #d3e5ff
window.handle.focus.colorTo:    #7380b6
window.handle.unfocus:          flat gradient vertical
window.handle.unfocus.color:    #d3e5ff
window.handle.unfocus.colorTo:  #7380b6

window.grip.focus:              raised gradient vertical
window.grip.focus.color:        #1c5b8e
window.grip.focus.colorTo:      #20202b
window.grip.unfocus:            raised gradient vertical
window.grip.unfocus.color:      #c9effa
window.grip.unfocus.colorTo:    #0b2e58

window.tab.justify:             Center

window.justify:                 center

borderColor:                    black

bevelWidth:                     1
borderWidth:                    1
handleWidth:                    3

rootCommand:                    flux-bsetbg ~./fluxbox/backgrounds/Difference_Engine.jpg
*font:                          snap
